imp(str): Updated ERC20 IBC middleware logic (#2159)
evmos/evmos: CHANGELOG.md

- (fee-collector) [#2129] (https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2129) Add `Burner` role to `FeeCollector` module.
- (erc20) [#2154] (https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2154) Remove evm hooks from `erc20` module.
- (erc20) [#2155] (https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2155) Remove CLI commands for register and convert Coin.

> - (erc20) [#2159] (https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2159) Update IBC middleware for automatic coin conversion v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (erc20) [#2159] (https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2159) Update IBC middleware with automatic coin conversion of the single token representation v2.
```
